Add run command support (#1813)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/develop-components/deploy-an-application-with-buildpacks.md

    |---------------- |--------------------|
    | Service| [Reading Books List Service](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-samples/tree/main/reading-books-list-service-python)|
    | Manual Task | [Hello World Task](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-samples/tree/main/hello-world-python-task)|
    
    !!! info 
        In **Python** projects, it is mandatory to provide a `Run Command` when creating a component.

    Here are some example run commands for an application:
    e.g.,

    `python main.py` <br>
    `gunicorn --bind :8080 --workers 1 --threads 8 --timeout 0 main:app` <br>
    `flask run --host=0.0.0.0`

>     For more examples, see [Choreo samples](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-samples).

Reviewer: This make it seem like "Go to the link for more run command examples"

For example, if you want to override the Maven command of the **Java** buildpack, you can use `GOOGLE_MAVEN_BUILD_ARGS` as the environment key and `clean install` as the value. 

For more examples, see [Google Cloud's buildpacks documentation](https://cloud.google.com/docs/buildpacks/service-specific-configs).

### Customize the Default Run Command

> You can configure the run command required to start the component using the **Build Configurations** editor on the component's **Build** page. This will override the default run command provided by the buildpack. Rebuilding the component is required after modifying the run command.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the run command required to start the component via the **Build Configurations** editor on the component's **Build** page. This overrides the default run command provided by the buildpack. After configuring the run command, you must rebuild the component for the changes to take effect.<br>
```
